Update 100-apis.md (#1329)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/117-progressive-web-apps/100-apis.md

> # Apis
> 
> One of the main purpose of PWAs is to provide native-app like experience. APIs like service workers, web sockets, and storage allow a PWA to fast load, access data offline, and other capabilities, similar to a native app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PWA APIs

One of the main purposes of PWAs is to provide a native-app-like experience. APIs like service workers, web sockets, and storage allow a PWA to fast load, access data offline, and other capabilities, similar to a native app.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://web.dev/progressive-web-apps/'>Progressive Web Apps</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps'>Progressive web apps (PWAs)</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://blog.logrocket.com/project-fugu-5-new-apis-to-try-out-in-your-pwa/'> 5 new APIs to try out in your PWA</BadgeLink>
```
